Title: Governance

----

Blocks:

- 
  heading: ""
  _key: navbar-aboutus
  _uid: navbar-aboutus_1614702619309_1200
- 
  heading: 'Board of Directors & Governance'
  backgroundimage:
    - headerabbg.png
  _key: header-makingspace
  _uid: header-makingspace_1614702730264_1414
- 
  image:
    - downsview-pick-up.png
  alttext: ""
  heading: ' '
  text: >
    As a faith-based charitable
    organization, our leaders and governing
    body work in the best interest of our
    youth (those we serve) and supporters
    (those who donate their time and money).
    The Board of Directors is Youth
    Unlimited’s governing body and
    oversees all matters involving Youth
    Unlimited, now and into the future.
  buttontext: 'See Financial Stewardship  ›'
  button:
    type: page
    value: financial-statements
  _key: image-text-alt
  _uid: image-text-alt_1614638038205_11728
- 
  heading: Executive Committee
  subheadleft: KAREN WILLSON — CHAIR
  textleft: >
    Karen is a retired SVP of Ketchum Canada
    Inc. and has been on the YU Board since
    2002. She and her husband attend Spring
    Garden Baptist Church in North York.
    Karen enjoys spending time with her
    family and friends and loves both
    curling and golf.
  imageleft:
    - karen-willson.png
  alttextleft: ""
  subheadmid: 'JOHN TOMPKINS - SECRETARY'
  textmid: "John is a retired SVP from Aon Hewitt. John has been on the YU Board since 2002. He and his wife attend The Well in Maple. John's passions include his family, serving on other missions boards, cottaging, various sports and travel."
  imagemid:
    - john-tompkins.png
  alttextmid: ""
  subheadright: 'BRUCE DACCORD - TREASURER'
  textright: >
    Bruce is the President of Transcourt
    Inc. and joined the YU Board in 2013.
    Bruce and his wife attend the Meeting
    House in Brampton. They have three
    children, love being grandparents, and
    enjoy reading, sports, and travel.
  imageright:
    - bruce-daccord.jpg
  alttextright: ""
  _key: three-image-text
  _uid: three-image-text_1614607897965_16652
- 
  heading: Members At Large
  subheadleft: CINDY ATKINSON
  textleft: >
    Cynthia is a Senior Manager of Finance
    at CSA Group. She joined the YU Board in
    2023. Cynthia and her family attend
    Grace at The Sharing Place church and
    food bank in Toronto. She enjoys
    spending time with family, trying to
    stay active, and volunteering when she
    can.
  imageleft:
    - cindy-atkinson.png
  alttextleft: ""
  subheadmid: 'GERD FIEBIG '
  textmid: 'Gerd is the Senior Director of Talent Acquisition & Special Projects at GEA Group and joined the YU Board in 2020. He and his family attend the Campus Church in Aurora.'
  imagemid:
    - gerd-fiebig.jpg
  alttextmid: ""
  subheadright: 'KAARINA HSIEH    '
  textright: 'Kaarina serves at a diverse and vibrant community as Lead Pastor of Parkway Forest Community Church  in Toronto. Kaarina joined the YU Board in 2020.'
  imageright:
    - kaarina-hsieh.png
  alttextright: ""
  _key: three-image-text
  _uid: three-image-text_1614633118788_8813
- 
  heading: ' '
  subheadleft: 'SEAN HUME - VICE CHAIR'
  textleft: 'Sean is a Sales Associate of Individual Life Insurance for iA Financial Group. He previously worked for YU from 2010-2016 as a youth worker at The Shop and started New Ground, which was a social enterprise assisting youth with employment barriers. He and his family attend Springvale Church in Stouffville.   '
  imageleft:
    - sean-hume.png
  alttextleft: ""
  subheadmid: LEN JILLARD
  textmid: 'Len is a retired SVP of McDonalds Corporation where he served as the International Chief People Officer and has now repatriated back to Canada.  Len joined the Board in June 2023. He and his wife attend Yorkminster Baptist Church in Toronto. Their passions include family & friends, travel, tennis, golf, hockey, hiking and canoeing.'
  imagemid:
    - len-andrews.png
  alttextmid: ""
  subheadright: ' ANOUSHKA MARTIL'
  textright: >
    Anoushka is a Principal at Avaanz Ltd.
    and joined the YU Board in 2017. She and
    her family are members of Friendship
    Community Church in Toronto.
  imageright:
    - anoushka-martil.png
  alttextright: ""
  _key: three-image-text
  _uid: three-image-text_1687879965850_1552
- 
  heading: Board Responsibilities
  lefttext: |
    The Board performs an overall directing and monitoring role and delegates operational leadership to the Executive Director (“ED”).
    
    The Board’s responsibilities are to:
    - Design the Board structure and processes.
    - Establish Board policies for the organization.
    - Govern the missional and strategic planning process.
    - Delegate management authority and responsibility to the ED.
    - Support and provide development for the ED.
    - Oversee risk management.
    - Monitor compliance and measure results.
    - Assess the effectiveness of the Board.
  righttext: |
    In additional to our own internal standards, as an affiliate member of the (link: https://www.cccc.org/ text: Canadian Centre for Christian Charities), Youth Unlimited also operates within the external standards expected of a Christian charity:
    - We are committed to the Christian faith.
    - We are diligent in our governance with an independent and active Board.
    - We demonstrate transparent and proper financial oversight, including (link: https://www.yugta.ca/financial-statements text: public disclosure of our financial statements).
    - We operate with the utmost integrity, and adhere to all applicable laws.
    - Our fundraising is ethical and respects the dignity and interests both of those we serve and our donors.
  _key: two-col-text
  _uid: two-col-text_1614698624795_3365